---
title: stirling numbers of the first kind
layout: post
slug: stirling-1
---

Following Wilt, I'll try to derive a generating function 
for Stirling numbers of the first kind, 
the number of ways to partition $n$ items into $k$ subsets.

### Stirling numbers of the first kind

#### the equation

There are two ways to partition a set of $n$ items into $k$ subsets.
Conditioning on the last item, I could

1) partition the first $n-1$ items into $k-1$ subsets,
and make the last item a subset of its own.
1) partition the first $n-1$ items into $k$ subsets,
and add the last item to one of those $k$.

In other words,

$$s(n, k) = s(n-1, k-1) + k \cdot s(n-1, k)$$

#### the boundary conditions

I think it's fair to say that you can't make more subsets than there are elements.
If $n < k$, then $s(n, k) = 0$
Also, $s(n, n) = 1$, because every element goes into a singleton subset.
while $s(n, 1) = 1$, where every element goes into a subset that is the set itself.
How many ways can I divide $n$ elements into *no* subsets? 
None, so $s(n, 0) = 0$, unless the set has no elements.
So what shall I make $s(0,0)$ ?

$$s(1, 1) = 1 = s(0, 0) + 1 \cdot s(0, 1) = s(0, 0) + 1 \cdot 0 = s(0,0)$$

so I'll say $s(0,0) = 1$ to make everything consistent.

Are the other boundary conditions consistent?

$$s(n, n) = s(n-1, n-1) + n \cdot s(n-1, n) = s(n-1, n-1) = ... s(0, 0) = 1$$

$$s(n, 1) = s(n-1, 0) + 1 \cdot s(n-1, 1) = s(n-1, 1) = ... = s(1, 1) = 1$$

I think that if I say 
$$s(n, k) = 0 , k \gt n$ , $s(0, 0) = 1$$, 
all the other boundary conditions follow, at least if $n \gt 0$ .

Maybe I need to throw in $s(n, k) = 0, n < 0$ , too. I dunno.

#### the generating function

Doing the normal summation thing.

$$\sum_{n>0} s(n,k) x^n = 
\sum_{n>0} s(n-1,k-1) x^n + \sum_{n>0} k \cdot s(n-1,k-1) x^k$$ 
$$= x \sum_{n>0} s(n-1,k-1) x^{n-1} + kx \sum_{n \gt 0} s(n-1, k) x^{n-1}$$

Now I'll define a subscripted generating function

$$ S_k(x) = \sum_{n \geq 0} s(n, k) x^n , k>0 $$

so 

$$S_k(x) = x \cdot S_{k-1}(x)+ kx \cdot S_k(x), n \gt 0$$

Solving,

$$ S_k(x) = \frac{x}{1-kx} S_{n-1}(x), n \gt 0 $$

$$S_0(x) = \sum_{n \geq 0} s(n, 0) x^n = s(0, 0) = 1$$

so 

$$S_k(x) = \frac{x^n}{\prod_{j \leq k} (1-jx) }$$

#### My goal

My goal here was to understand it well enough to be able to derive all this without
looking at Wilf. Practically, I just wanted to see where I got stuck.
Doing this, my only serious confusion was dealing with the limits on this equation:

$$S_k(x) = x \cdot S_{k-1}(x)+ kx \cdot S_k(x), n \gt 0$$
