---
title: xD
layout: post
date: 29 June 2024
---

Let me look a little more at the operator $xD$.
I'm using that to mean "differentiate then multiply by $x$."
Can I use it for more than just finding a generating function for the integers?

## $$(xD)^n$$

I see that $(xD)(1/(1-x))$ gives me a generating function for the positive integers, $\lbrace 0, 1, 2, ... \rbrace$
$$c(x) = xD(1/(1-x)) = x/(1-x)^2 = \sum_{0}^{\infty}nx^n$$

But look -- if I differentiate this again, I get

$$\sum_{0}^{\infty}n^2x^{n-1}$$

I've been here before. Now I just multiply by $x$ again, and get $(xD)^2(1/(1-x)) = x(1+x)/(1-x)^3$,
a generating function for the squares, $\lbrace 0, 1, 4, 9, ... \rbrace$! 

Just as $(xD)^2$ gives me squares, $(xD)^3$ will produce cubes, and $(xD)^n$ gives me the generating function for $n^{th}$ powers.

## Reciprocals

Seems like this trick should even work for reciprocals, right?
What's the generating function for $\lbrace 0, 1, 1/2, 1/3, 1/4, ... \rbrace$?

I have to be a little careful, because my first term can't be $x^0/0$.
So, my sequence will be $\lbrace a_n = 1/n \rbrace, n\geq1, a_0 = 0$,
and the series is $$f(x) = \sum_{n=1}^{\infty}x/n$$

Wielding my operator, I get $$(xD)f = 1 + x + x^2 + ... = 1/(1-x)$$
That must mean $Df = 1/x(1-x)$. What's $f(x)$? I should just integrate, right?

Integrating by partial fractions gives me $$f(x) = log(x) - log(x-1) = log(x/(x-1))$$

I haven't a clue how to extract coefficients from this. 
Maybe I'd figure out the McLauren series, a Taylor expansion around $0$. 
No, that can't be right because at $0$, that log is undefined, and near $0$, 
I'm asking for logs of negative numbers.

I could also try another $(xD)$ round, to get reciprocals of squares, but it would mean a lot of algebra. 
If I had to, I'd end up needing a table of integrals or a symbolic algebra package.

Still, I see the underlying idea. Looks like the $(xD)$ operator is a keeper.

## Blogging tools.

I'm going through a learning curve on blogging, here. It's getting easier to type in the math, but it's not painless,
and I'm even still learning how to get text formatted the way I want to in Markdown.

Today, I spent a while trying to debug a MathJax problem.
Suddenly, my new post lost the ability to display equations, and wasn't using its Solarized skin.
Again.

One problem turned out to be a typo: I was missing a character in the `---` header in the front matter. My bad.

The other was my browser. Brave was using Speedreader to display my page, and it was ignoring the LaTeX formatting commands.
As soon as I clicked on "show original" everything displayed correctly. Yay.
