---
title: Two *Aha!* s
layout: post
slug: ahas
---
Yesterday, I had two *Aha!* experiences.
Neither was sophisticated math. Both built on things I'd seen before, in some form,
but somehow, this time, more things clicked into place.

### Expanding $\frac{1}{(1-x)^n}$ to a power series.
I know -- at this point, quite solidly -- that $\frac{1}{(1-x)} = \sum_{n \geq 0} x^n$

From this, I can bootstrap my way into expressions like 

$$\frac{1}{1 - f(x)} = \sum_{n \geq 0} f(x)^n$$

which appear in generating-function problems of various kinds.

I also know that I can get $\sum n \cdot x^n = \frac{x}{(1-x)^2}$ with the operator $(xD)$,
but trying to derive the $a_n$ from an OGF like the RHS of that equation isn't easy for me,
and when I decompose an OGF by partial fractions, I'm often (okay, "often enough")
confronted by terms like $\frac{1}{(1-x)^k}$ for some $k \ge 2$.

How do I turn these into a sum?

Aha! Easy!

$$\frac{1}{(1-x)} = (1-x)^{-1}$$

And just as 

$$(1+x)^n = \sum_{k \geq 0} {n \choose k} x^k$$

the negative binomial coefficients let me extend this to negative values of $n$ !

I'll remind myself that ${-n \choose k} = {(n + k -1) \choose k} (-1)^k$ 

With that reminder, watch. Nothing up my sleeve:

$$(1-x)^{-1} = \sum_{k\geq0} {-1 \choose k} (-x)^k = \sum_{k\geq0} {(1+k-1) \choose k} (-1)^k (-1)^k x^k = \sum_{k\geq0} {k \choose k} x^k =
\sum_{k\geq0} x^k$$

Cool. I'll try another.

$$
\frac{x}{(1-x)^{-2}} = x \cdot \sum_{k\geq0} {-2 \choose k} (-x)^k = x \cdot \sum_{k\geq0} {(2+k-1) \choose k} (-1)^k (-1)^k x^k =
x \cdot \sum_{k\geq0} {(k+1) \choose k} x^k
$$

$$ 
= x \cdot \sum_{k \geq 0} (k+1) x^k = \sum_{k \geq 0} (k+1) x^{(k+1)} = \sum_{k \geq 0} k x^k
$$

(The last equality is just because $0x^0 = 0$, so I can throw in the $k=0$ term for free.)

### Negative binomial coefficients for the win.
Bottom line here: negative binomial coefficients aren't just cool generalizations for the notation, 
There so I don't have to add extra limits on my summations. Negative binomials let me expand $\frac{1}{(f(x))^n}!

### The second *Aha!*

This explanation took longer than I'd hoped, so I'll postpone the second *Aha!*, also long, to another post. 



