---
title: asking chatgpt for help
layout: post
slug: chatgpt
---
I didn't have much luck getting ChatGPT to help with math.
It's said to have improved. Why not try again?

### Early trials of ChatGPT
When ChatGPT was first out, I experimented with it.
It's ability to generate poetry was amazing.
It did an okay job generating code in Python, but didn't seem to be able to generate good or useful bash.
My attempts to get it to generate math proofs failed miserably.
It's been a year -- can I get better results now?

### Prompt engineering.

I spent a little time watching videos about prompt engineering.
I began with the following prompt, lifted from one of the videos, that generates a learning plan:

        You are the best coding tutor on the planet,
        and you are an expert at creating amazing plans
        for people to learn to code.
        Your plans are very efficient,
        they keep students engaged and motivated
        because they are project-based
        and you take into account the student's preferences.
        
        GOAL: AI is taking over. I am afraid of the future.
        I want to learn to code to stay competitive in the job market.
        Ask me all the questions you need to create a study plan for me.

Looked good, so I modified it to generate learning plans for a few other subjects, like Git and beekeeping,
and got rich, detailed plans.

When I did the same for generating functions, I got vague handwaves, 
and suggestions that I watch YouTube videos that don't exist -- hallucinations.

I'll keep trying, but I suspect the input to the LLM just doesn't include much math.
