---
title: "What I've done this week."
slug: "week_14"
date: "2025-04-06"
layout: post
---

* Five-bullet summary
    1. Progress on equal-means problem, through conversations with both Florian and Tonto.
    2. Close branch development on streaks2 and bring master up-to-date
    3. More reading real books: *The Aeneid*
    4. Learned what the Caro-Kann is. 
    5. Five music jams. N.B.: *Five.*
* General geeking
    - SFS posts link to vibe-coding video (Sun)
    - RITE 2025
        - Adi comments on my earlier sketch, I respond (Sun)
        - let my faithful ***A***rtificial ***I***ndian companion, Tonto, draft sponsorship letter (Tue)
        - phone calls from Adi about conference (Mon, Tue)
    - Helping Josh Wright
        - arrange 2hr, Wed afternoon VC on bash/git (Tue)
        - look over presentations to find supporting material (Tue)
        - learn how to make Google Docs "shortcuts", to create directory with supporting material (Tue)
        - chat with Josh, get his goals for mtg and meet them (Wed)
        - note to Josh about new, Pybite cohort plan (Fri)
    - VC with Jeff Wright (Mon)
        - install VSCode Live Share plugin
        - solve one of his `bash` problems
    - Fix .vimrc in PWA to make it behave as it does on my laptops. (Wed)
    - Implement log(), pushlog(), to maintain week-logs in cloud shell (Wed)
    - Attend DLW's BLUG talk on Madden GLADOS (Thu)
* Math
    - Equal-means problem
        - more correspondence with Florian, I explain why I care. (Sun)
        - used Gemini 2.5 Tonto to get interesting proofs, which I sent to Florian and Scott Mann. (Thu)
    - streaks2 (Tue, Wed)
        - more code refactoring based on AI code reviews
        - restore pytest, code coverage, mutmut
        - struggle with pytest, mutmut in pre-commit
        - finish type hints
        - merge typing -> make-classes -> master, remove typing, make-classes branches locally & remotely. Set to work back on master.
    - Note to Florian about cycles <-> trends map (Fri)
* Health, mental & physical
    - LRC + Chess with Lyn, talk about Caro-Kann (Sun)
    - Floor pilates (Sun, Mon, Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri)
    - Pushups 3x36 + 2x41 = 190 (Sun, Mon, Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri)
    - RMPY
        - Pilates (Mon, Thu)
        - Kaiut (Mon, Wed)
    - $1-a-day (Mon, Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri)
* Music
    - First, monthly Velvet Banjo jam (Mon)
    - Second Tuesday Lyons jam (Tue)
    - Tunes with Anita & Dave (Fri)
* Reading
    - *Aeneid*
        - book 7 (Sun) book 8 (Thu), book 9 (Fri)
        - MoAn videos Books 5, 6 (Sun), 7 (Wed), 8 (Thu), 9 (Fri)
