---
title: "What I've done this week."
slug: "week_13"
date: "2025-03-30"
layout: post
---

* Five-bullet summary
* General geeking
    - Note to Adi requesting sitrep (Sun)
    - Lost all logs for Mon, Tue, a reminder to commit and push. (Wed)
    - Moving week-post work to PWA!
    - Watch [video on vibe coding](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5k2-NOh2tk0) (Wed)
    - Call from Adi, playing phone tag (Wed)
    - Talk to Adi about Tibi, the conference, etc. (Thu)
    - Monthly mtg. with Bob B., review his mind-maps about new cohort-coaching program. (Fri)
    - SFS: neovim and GLADOS (Sat), giveaway book
* Math
    - Puzzling over lengths vs. starts
    - Re-factoring streaks2 code. (Wed)
    - Exploring VSCode kb shortcuts (Thu)
    - Using Copilot to get code review, add typechecking for streaks.py
    - Equal-means problem
        - Rephrasing trend "equal means" problem (Mon)
        - Note to Florian about probability (Tue)
        - Florian correspondence about probabilities (Fri, Sat)
    - Attempt to find interest in presentation in pybites
        - Post to circle about presentation (Tue), responses (Wed)
        - DM responders on circle (Fri)
	- response from/to Ashley (Sat)
* Health, mental & physical
    - Trip to Longmont Public Library (Sun)
    - Lafayett library book sale -- book for Kristina, notebook & book for me
    - LRC + Chess with Lyn (Sun)
    - Floor pilates (Sun, Mon, Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat)
    - Pushups 4x35 + 40 (Sun, Mon, Tue, Wed) +5 for the Corps (Thu, Fri, Sat))
    - Kaiut (Mon, Wed)
    - Pilates (Mon, Tue, Thu)
    - $1-a-day (Mon, Tue, Wed)
* Music
    - Andrea will come up on the 12th.
    - no jam with Anita & Dave (Fri) :-(
* Misc
    - *Aeneid*
    	- book 1 (Sun), book 2 (Mon), book 3(Tue), book 4 (Wed), Book 5 (Thu), Book 6 (Fri, Sat)
	- random YouTube videos (random)
    - *The Art of Tom Lovell, An Invitation to History*
	- parts 1-3 (Sun, Mon, Tue)
        - finish! (Wed)
    - Jack London's *The Law of Life* (short story) (Tue)

