---
layout: post
title: "week_08"
date: 2025-02-23
---

* Set up a weblog for weekly entries.

    - Thrash a little, unsuccessfully, doing it from scratch.
    - Make the learn-generating-functions blog a template,
    then clone and customize it.
    - Add keys to ChromebookPlus .ssh/ to permit posting from it.
* First read of Mosteller and Rourke
    on confidence intervals for medians, and their ilk.
* Explore using GitHub copilot to decompose lists into streaks and kv_streaks

    Keys for kv_streaks are first elements of the streaks, values are the lengths of the streak starting with that element.)

    - generate random ndarrays of range(n)
    - generate all permutations of range(n)
    - decompose each of these into streaks and kv_streaks
    - look at first_steak, and at streak_count_by_start
    - write unit tests
    - streak_count_by_start(n), which shows how many streaks for permutations of {1..n} start with the integer k, is n!/k
    - total_streak_length_by_start(n), which shows the total length of all streaks, over all permutations of {1..n}, that start with the integer k. This is (n+1)!/(k+1)*k

    These use sympy.S.EulerGamma, itertools.permutations, and numpy.random.permutations.
* Music

    - Lyons o-t jam Wednesday
    - Anita + Dave? Friday
    - Agreed on "Katydid" as the name for Kate/James/Jeff, and told Helle.

* Health

    * 150+ pushups + mat pilates daily
    * 2 Pilates + 2 Kaiut yoga classes
    * four walks to McDonalds
    * LRC + Chess routine
    * fed indoor and outdoor birds, made new birdfood
    * finished Spenser novel, startd Pimsleur Hebrew, continued Talmud, DDG, DDL, Daily Stoic, and more.
    * finished homemade pasta sauce, pasta, working on finishing homemade garlic soup
