---
title: "What I've done this week."
slug: "week_20"
date: "2025-05-19"
layout: post
---

* Five-bullet summary
    - Switch to Starfish prompting, clean up .zshrc
    - Send out more notes about Prime Powers
    - Learn how to rescue my Cloud Shell account
    - Start refining June 7 talk
    - Prep for June 1 dance
* General geeking
    - Meet with Jeff Wright (Mon)
    - Meet with Scott Mann (Sat)
    - Recover my cloud shell account, I hope (Sun)
    - BLUG with Ned McLain (Mon)
    - Switch Mac to Starfish for zsh, bash prompts. Learn about Nerd Fonts (Tue)
    - Cleaned up my .zshrc, and my starfish.toml (Tue)
    - June 7 SFS talk
        - Played with using Jupyter notebook. Rejected the idea because testing's too awkward. (Wed)
        - Created a repo, cleaned up .pre-commit-config.yaml (Wed)
        - Collaborated with Tonto on a Makefile (Wed)
        - Cleaned up and Improved the environment generally (Thu)
        - Branched to get code coverage. Added second set of tests (Thu)
        - Added questions & references (Sat)
        - Refactored second test set (Sat)
    - Started reading Python Developer Tooling Handbook (Fri)
    - Unsuccessfully played with making another PyPI package. (Fri)
* Math
        - Sent Florian and Scott Mann note about set-theory question. (Sat)
* Health, mental & physical
    - Test: 70 pushups (Sun)
    - Westminster Rec Center + Chess with Lyn (Sun)
    - 200 Pushups: 5 sets of 40 + 1 (Mon, Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat)
    - Floor pilates (Sun, Mon, Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat)
    - Pilates (Mon, Tue)
    - Kaiut (Mon, Fri)
    - Dentist (Wed)
    - $1-a-day (Monx2, Wed, Thu, Fri)
    - Full steps without full heart points! (Sun)
* Music
    - New guitar strings, after about a decade. (Sun)
    - Reserved a room in the Springs for May 31 (Thu)
    - Talked to Adele about June 1 dance (Thu)
    - Note to Andrea about things I learned from Adele (Fri)
    - Checked up on James (Fri)
    - Music with Anita (Fri)
    - Tried to get folks to come to Springs dance (Sat)
* Misc
    - Back on the log wagon (Sun)
    - Find out Cynthia is okay. (Sun)
    - Lost my reading glasses, requested new. (Mon)
    - VA (Abbey) ordered me new readers. (Tue/Wed)
    - Started Captains Courageous (Tue)
    - Ordered Kefir grains (Fri)
