---
title: "What I've done this week."
slug: "week_17"
date: "2025-04-27"
layout: post
---

* Five-bullet summary
    - Progress on June and August talks.
    - Added testing to sets-of-prime-powers code
    - Experimented with rest day, tests for pushups
    - Plenty of music
    - Moved on to new, print book
* General geeking
    - Tony agreed to stick to FOSS, mid-August. (Sun)
    - Scott Hallock is in to speak for SiB. (Mon)
    - Got web description of testing talk updated. (Fri)
    - Try to get a third Scott for "Great Scotts!" (Wed, Thu)
    - Hunted down my Make magazine article (Sat)
    - Bug report to MHV about quoting (62-34259790)
* Math
    - Learn about sys.maxsize (Mon)
    - Unit tests for sets-of-prime-powers code. (Tue)
    - Add coverage and mutmut testing (Wed)
    - Fixed most coverage and a couple of mutmut bugs (Thu)
    - Fixed more mutmut bugs (Fri)
    - Wrote a note to send out about sets-of-prime-powers (Fri)
* Health, mental & physical
    - Test: 61 pushups (Sun)
    - Westminster Rec Center + Chess with Lyn (Sun)
    - Dropped some vitamins/supplements as an experiment, following Dr's advice. (Mon)
    - Deliberately rested Wed, as an experiment. (Wed.)
    - Chess with Lyn (Fri)
    - Floor pilates (Sun, Mon, Tue, Thu, Fri, Sat)
    - Pushups 5 * 40 + 1 (Mon, Tue, Thu, Fri, Sat)
    - Pilates (Mon, Tue, Thu)
    - Kaiut (Mon, Fri)
    - $1-a-day (Mon, Tue, Sat)
    - Found new Dave Barry columns, laughed until I cried. (Wed)
* Music
    - Clogger's brunch (Sun)
    - Pat Tognoni's going-away party (Sun)
    - Katydid practice (Tue)
    - Tunes with Dave (Fri)
* Misc
    - Spaghetti carbonara for the first time (Sun), marinated pork chops + potato (Fri)
    - Did semi-monthly, financial re-balancing (Wed)
    - Finished *Aeneid* (Wed)
    - Started *I, Claudius*(Wed)
    - VA Haircut (Thu)
    - Nice, long conversation with Charles (Sat)
