---
layout: post
title: "week_11"
date: 2025-03-09
---

* Five-bullet summary
    - Did some of my own Python, no AI. Fixed mkpost script (bash).
    - Added StrStats to collect statistics into ndarray
    - Katydid practice, got & lost a gig
    - Got together with Dee
    - Handled Kristina's wrist/arm sprain/break

* General Geeking
    - Five bullets for last week.
    - Start a new week.
    - Ran out of free code completions until the 19th, code for myself until then!
    - DevOps Boulder, 6th taker (unsolicited) for Scott Hallock
    - Fix mkpost script

* Math
    - Began adding statistical calculations. (Sun)
    - Played with using 2-d numpy ndarrays to keep and summarize data. (Mon)
    - Pen & paper to understand (n-s)!(n-l)!/(n-s-l+1)! better. (Tue)
    - More code to collect statistical data on streaks with NumPy (Tue)
    - Fix statistical code (Thu)
    - Add a new class, StrStats

* Health, mental & physical
    - LRC + chess (Sun)
    - Daily floor Pilates + 176 pushups (Sun, Mon, Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat)
    - $1-a-Day Fitness (Sun, Mon, Tue, Thu, Fri)
    - pilates, kaiut (Mon), pilates (Tue), kaiut (Wed), pilates (Thu)

* Music
    - Katydid
        - practice (Sun)
        - August 3 offer in the Springs (Sun)
        - No on Aug. Kate no on Sept. So, when? (Mon), hard to tell (Wed)
        - Working on learning transitions (Mon->)
    - Jam with Dave, Anita, Fergus (Fri)
    - Third Thursday
        - email (Mon)
        - jam (Thu)
    - Email to Third Thursday (Mon)
    - Andrea
        - Try to contact her (Tue, Wed)
        - She'll call me on Monday.

* Misc
    - *Princess of Cleves* (Mon, Tue, Wed, Fri, Sat), finish Part 2 & 3
    - Get together with Dee (Wed)
    - Birthday greetings to Ron Friedland
    - Get Kristina to the ER, home 3am Fri
    - Abandoned morning on Friday
