---
layout: post
title: "week_09"
date: 2025-03-02
---

* General Geeking
    - New entry for week_09.
    - Fixed Chromebook GitHub access
        - created new keypair
        - saved a sourceable script to start ssh-agent
    - Meet with Bob B.

* Math
    - Expand streaks2
        - Prove # of streaks, length j, that start with k = number of streaks, length k, that start with j
        - Updated [Counting Cycles](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/17FzMOSM3XEk3_hlYtrUJruAIVSOK5bCq-Okaoy-ulkE/edit?usp=sharing) presentation to include this.
        - Add routines to streaks2 to illustrate the equality
        - Number of cycles that start with k = number of cycles of length k = N!/k (from the permutation block)
        - Number of cycles that start with 1 = N!/1 = N!
        - Number of cycles that start with N = N!/N = (N-1)!

        - Added note about Trends and Streaks to *Counting Cycles* presentation.
        - Began adding statistical routines. Routines into streak_stats.py, demos (!) into streak_stats_tests.py
        - Presented to Franza Cavalcante
    
* Music
    - Work on starting "Katydid"
    - Trident Jam
    - Practice with Anita

* Health, mental & physical
    - FedExed Kristina her meds, which arrived 2 days late.
    - Sunday LRC + chess
    - Daily floor Pilates + 167 pushups (Sun, Mon, Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat)
    - Arranged, paid for Pilates training for JW.
    - 1 Kaiut + 1 Pilates (Mon), 1 Pilates (Tue) + 1 Kaiut (Wed)
    - $1-a-day Fitness visit (Thurs, Fri, Sat)

* Misc
    - Try to figure out how to get SimpliSafe cameras working
        - talk to tech support for another 30'
        - schedule a call with Engineering Tech
            awaiting replacement cameras.
        - new outdoor security cameras arrived
    - Kristina finally safely back home, late Thu night, from Maine! Got her candy, flowers.
